---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "azion_edge_applications_origins Data Source - terraform-provider-azion"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# azion_edge_applications_origins (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "azion_edge_applications_origins" "example" {
  edge_application_id = "<edge_application_id>"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `edge_application_id` (Number) The edge application identifier.

### Optional

- `page` (Number) The page number of edge applications.
- `page_size` (Number) The Page Size number of edge applications.

### Read-Only

- `counter` (Number) The total number of edge applications.
- `id` (String) Identifier of the data source.
- `links` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--links))
- `results` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results))
- `schema_version` (Number) Schema Version.
- `total_pages` (Number) The total number of pages.

<a id="nestedatt--links"></a>
### Nested Schema for `links`

Read-Only:

- `next` (String)
- `previous` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results`

Read-Only:

- `addresses` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--addresses))
- `connection_timeout` (Number) Connection timeout in seconds.
- `hmac_access_key` (String) HMAC access key.
- `hmac_authentication` (Boolean) Whether HMAC authentication is enabled.
- `hmac_region_name` (String) HMAC region name.
- `hmac_secret_key` (String) HMAC secret key.
- `host_header` (String) Host header value.
- `is_origin_redirection_enabled` (Boolean) Whether origin redirection is enabled.
- `method` (String) HTTP method used by the origin.
- `name` (String) Name of the origin.
- `origin_id` (Number) The origin identifier to target for the resource.
- `origin_key` (String) Origin key.
- `origin_path` (String) Path of the origin.
- `origin_protocol_policy` (String) Origin protocol policy.
- `origin_type` (String) Type of the origin.
- `timeout_between_bytes` (Number) Timeout between bytes in seconds.

<a id="nestedatt--results--addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.addresses`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) Address of the origin.
- `is_active` (Boolean) Status of the origin.
- `server_role` (String) Server role of the origin.
- `weight` (String) Weight of the origin.


