---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "azion_edge_application_rules_engine Data Source - terraform-provider-azion"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# azion_edge_application_rules_engine (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "azion_edge_application_rules_engine" "example" {
  edge_application_id = 1234567890
  results = [{
    phase = "request"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `edge_application_id` (Number) The edge application identifier.
- `results` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results))

### Optional

- `page` (Number) The page number.
- `page_size` (Number) The page size.

### Read-Only

- `counter` (Number) The total number of rules.
- `id` (String) Identifier of the data source.
- `links` (Attributes) Pagination links. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--links))
- `total_pages` (Number) The total number of pages.

<a id="nestedatt--links"></a>
### Nested Schema for `links`

Read-Only:

- `next` (String) Link to next page.
- `previous` (String) Link to previous page.

<a id="nestedatt--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results`

Required:

- `phase` (String) The phase in which the rule is executed (request or response).

Read-Only:

- `active` (Boolean) Whether the rule is active.
- `behaviors` (Attributes List) Behaviors for the rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--behaviors))
- `criteria` (Attributes List) Criteria for the rule. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--criteria))
- `description` (String) Description of the rule.
- `id` (Number) The ID of the rules engine rule.
- `last_editor` (String) Last editor of the rule.
- `last_modified` (String) Last modified timestamp.
- `name` (String) The name of the rules engine rule.
- `order` (Number) Order of the rule.

<a id="nestedatt--results--behaviors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.behaviors`

Read-Only:

- `attributes` (Attributes) Behavior attributes (for behaviors with args). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--behaviors--attributes))
- `capture_attributes` (Attributes) Capture attributes (for capture_match_groups). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--behaviors--capture_attributes))
- `type` (String) Type of behavior.

<a id="nestedatt--results--behaviors--attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.behaviors.attributes`

Read-Only:

- `value` (String) Value for the behavior.

<a id="nestedatt--results--behaviors--capture_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.behaviors.capture_attributes`

Read-Only:

- `captured_array` (String) Captured array name.
- `regex` (String) Regex pattern.
- `subject` (String) Subject for capture.

<a id="nestedatt--results--criteria"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.criteria`

Read-Only:

- `argument` (String) Argument for comparison.
- `conditional` (String) Conditional operator (if, and, or).
- `operator` (String) Comparison operator.
- `variable` (String) Variable to evaluate.
