---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "azion_edge_applications_main_settings Data Source - terraform-provider-azion"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# azion_edge_applications_main_settings (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "azion_edge_applications_main_settings" "example" {
  page      = 1
  page_size = 2
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `page` (Number) The page number of edge applications.
- `page_size` (Number) The Page Size number of edge applications.

### Read-Only

- `counter` (Number) The total number of edge applications.
- `id` (String) Identifier of the data source.
- `links` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--links))
- `results` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results))
- `schema_version` (Number) Schema Version.
- `total_pages` (Number) The total number of pages.

<a id="nestedatt--links"></a>
### Nested Schema for `links`

Read-Only:

- `next` (String)
- `previous` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results`

Read-Only:

- `active` (Boolean) Indicates if the edge application is active.
- `application_id` (Number) The edge application identifier.
- `debug_rules` (Boolean) Indicates if debug rules are enabled for the edge application.
- `last_editor` (String) The email of the last editor of the edge application.
- `last_modified` (String) The timestamp of the last modification of the edge application.
- `name` (String) Name of the edge application.
- `origins` (Attributes List) List of origins associated with the edge application. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--origins))

<a id="nestedatt--results--origins"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.origins`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the origin.
- `origin_id` (String) Identifier of the origin.
- `origin_type` (String) Type of the origin.


