---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "azion_edge_firewalls Data Source - terraform-provider-azion"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# azion_edge_firewalls (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "azion_edge_firewalls" "example" {
  page      = 1
  page_size = 2
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `page` (Number) The page number of edge firewalls.
- `page_size` (Number) The Page Size number of edge firewalls.

### Read-Only

- `counter` (Number) The total number of edge firewalls.
- `links` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--links))
- `results` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results))
- `schema_version` (Number) Schema Version.
- `total_pages` (Number) The total number of pages.

<a id="nestedatt--links"></a>
### Nested Schema for `links`

Read-Only:

- `next` (String)
- `previous` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results`

Required:

- `id` (Number) ID of the edge firewall rule set.

Read-Only:

- `debug_rules` (Boolean) Whether debug rules are enabled for the rule set.
- `domains` (List of Number) List of domains associated with the edge firewall rule set.
- `edge_functions_enabled` (Boolean) Whether edge functions are enabled for the rule set.
- `is_active` (Boolean) Whether the edge firewall rule set is active.
- `last_editor` (String) Last editor of the edge firewall rule set.
- `last_modified` (String) Last modified timestamp of the edge firewall rule set.
- `name` (String) Name of the edge firewall rule set.
- `network_protection_enabled` (Boolean) Whether network protection is enabled for the rule set.
- `waf_enabled` (Boolean) Whether Web Application Firewall (WAF) is enabled for the rule set.


