---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "azion_edge_application_main_settings Data Source - terraform-provider-azion"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# azion_edge_application_main_settings (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "azion_edge_application_main_settings" "example" {
  id = "1234567890"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) Identifier of the data source.

### Read-Only

- `results` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results))
- `schema_version` (Number) Schema Version.

<a id="nestedatt--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results`

Read-Only:

- `active` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Edge Application is active.
- `application_acceleration` (Boolean) Indicates whether application acceleration is enabled for the Edge Application.
- `application_id` (Number) The Edge Application identifier.
- `caching` (Boolean) Indicates whether caching is enabled for the Edge Application.
- `debug_rules` (Boolean) Indicates whether debug rules are enabled for the Edge Application.
- `delivery_protocol` (String) The delivery protocol of the Edge Application.
- `device_detection` (Boolean) Indicates whether device detection is enabled for the Edge Application.
- `edge_firewall` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Edge Application has an edge firewall enabled.
- `edge_functions` (Boolean) Indicates whether edge functions are enabled for the Edge Application.
- `http3` (Boolean) Indicates whether HTTP/3 is enabled for the Edge Application.
- `http_port` (List of Number) The HTTP port(s) for the Edge Application.
- `https_port` (List of Number) The HTTPS port(s) for the Edge Application.
- `image_optimization` (Boolean) Indicates whether image optimization is enabled for the Edge Application.
- `l2_caching` (Boolean) Indicates whether l2 caching is enabled for the Edge Application.
- `load_balancer` (Boolean) Indicates whether load balancing is enabled for the Edge Application.
- `minimum_tls_version` (String) The minimum TLS version supported by the Edge Application.
- `name` (String) The name of the Edge Application.
- `raw_logs` (Boolean) Indicates whether raw logs are enabled for the Edge Application.
- `supported_ciphers` (String) The supported ciphers for the Edge Application.
- `web_application_firewall` (Boolean) Indicates whether a web application firewall is enabled for the Edge Application.
