---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "azion_firewall_main_settings Data Source - terraform-provider-azion"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# azion_firewall_main_settings (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "azion_firewall_main_settings" "example" {
  page      = 1
  page_size = 2
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `page` (Number) The page number of firewalls.
- `page_size` (Number) The page size number of firewalls.

### Read-Only

- `counter` (Number) The total number of firewalls.
- `results` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results))

<a id="nestedatt--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results`

Read-Only:

- `active` (Boolean) Whether the firewall rule set is active.
- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the firewall.
- `debug` (Boolean) Whether debug is enabled for the rule set.
- `id` (Number) ID of the firewall rule set.
- `last_editor` (String) Last editor of the firewall rule set.
- `last_modified` (String) Last modified timestamp of the firewall rule set.
- `modules` (Attributes) Modules configuration for the firewall. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--modules))
- `name` (String) Name of the firewall rule set.
- `product_version` (String) Product version of the firewall rule set.

<a id="nestedatt--results--modules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.modules`

Read-Only:

- `ddos_protection` (Attributes) DDoS protection module configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--modules--ddos_protection))
- `functions` (Attributes) Functions module configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--modules--functions))
- `network_protection` (Attributes) Network protection module configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--modules--network_protection))
- `waf` (Attributes) WAF module configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results--modules--waf))

<a id="nestedatt--results--modules--ddos_protection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.modules.ddos_protection`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether DDoS protection is enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--results--modules--functions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.modules.functions`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether functions are enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--results--modules--network_protection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.modules.network_protection`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether network protection is enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--results--modules--waf"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results.modules.waf`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether WAF is enabled.
