---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "azion_intelligent_dns_zone Data Source - terraform-provider-azion"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# azion_intelligent_dns_zone (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "azion_intelligent_dns_zone" "examples" {
  id = "1234"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) Numeric identifier of the data source.

### Read-Only

- `results` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results))
- `schema_version` (Number) Schema Version.

<a id="nestedatt--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results`

Required:

- `zone_id` (Number) The zone identifier to target for the resource.

Read-Only:

- `domain` (String) Domain name attributed by Azion to this configuration.
- `expiry` (Number) If Refresh and Retry fail repeatedly, this is the time period after which the primary should be considered gone and no longer authoritative for the given zone.
- `is_active` (Boolean) Status of the zone.
- `name` (String) The name of the zone. Must provide only one of zone_id, name.
- `nameservers` (List of String)
- `nxttl` (Number) In the event that requesting the domain results in a non-existent query (NXDOMAIN), this is the amount of time that is respected by the recursor to return the NXDOMAIN response.
- `refresh` (Number) The interval at which secondary servers (secondary DNS) are set to refresh the primary zone file from the primary server.
- `retry` (Number) The rate at which a secondary server will retry to refresh the primary zone file if the initial refresh failed.
- `soattl` (Number) The interval at which the SOA record itself is refreshed.


