---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "azion_firewall_main_setting Resource - terraform-provider-azion"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# azion_firewall_main_setting (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "azion_firewall_main_setting" "example" {
  data = {
    name   = "New Firewall in terraform"
    active = true
    debug  = false

    modules = {
      functions = {
        enabled = true
      }

      network_protection = {
        enabled = true
      }

      waf = {
        enabled = true
      }
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `data` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the firewall rule set.

Optional:

- `active` (Boolean) Whether the firewall rule set is active.
- `debug` (Boolean) Whether debug is enabled for the rule set.
- `modules` (Attributes) Modules configuration for the firewall. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--modules))

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) Creation timestamp of the firewall rule set.
- `id` (Number) ID of the firewall rule set.
- `last_editor` (String) Last editor of the firewall rule set.
- `last_modified` (String) Last modified timestamp of the firewall rule set.
- `product_version` (String) Product version of the firewall rule set.

<a id="nestedatt--data--modules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.modules`

Optional:

- `ddos_protection` (Attributes) DDoS protection module configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--modules--ddos_protection))
- `functions` (Attributes) Functions module configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--modules--functions))
- `network_protection` (Attributes) Network protection module configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--modules--network_protection))
- `waf` (Attributes) WAF module configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data--modules--waf))

<a id="nestedatt--data--modules--ddos_protection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.modules.ddos_protection`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether DDoS protection is enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--data--modules--functions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.modules.functions`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether functions are enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--data--modules--network_protection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.modules.network_protection`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether network protection is enabled.


<a id="nestedatt--data--modules--waf"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.modules.waf`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether WAF is enabled.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import azion_firewall_main_setting.example firewall_id
