---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "azion_workload Resource - terraform-provider-azion"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# azion_workload (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `workload` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workload))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--workload"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workload`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of this workload.

Optional:

- `alternate_domains` (Set of String) List of alternate domains.
- `edge_application` (Number) Edge Application associated ID.
- `edge_firewall` (Number) Edge Firewall associated ID.
- `is_active` (Boolean) Indicates if the workload is active.
- `mtls` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workload--mtls))
- `network_map` (String) Network map identifier.
- `protocols` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workload--protocols))
- `tls` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workload--tls))

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) ID of this workload.
- `last_editor` (String) Last editor of this workload.
- `last_modified` (String) Timestamp of the last modification.
- `product_version` (String) Product version information.

<a id="nestedatt--workload--mtls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workload.mtls`

Optional:

- `certificate` (Number)
- `crl` (Set of Number)
- `verification` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--workload--protocols"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workload.protocols`

Optional:

- `http` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--workload--protocols--http))

<a id="nestedatt--workload--protocols--http"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workload.protocols.http`

Optional:

- `http_ports` (Set of Number)
- `https_ports` (Set of Number)
- `quic_ports` (Set of Number)
- `versions` (Set of String)



<a id="nestedatt--workload--tls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workload.tls`

Optional:

- `certificate` (Number) TLS certificate.
- `ciphers` (String) Certificate ciphers.
- `minimum_version` (String) Minimum tls version.
