---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "azion_zone Resource - azion"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# azion_zone (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "azion_zone" "example" {
  zone = {
      domain: "example.com",
      is_active: true,
      name: "example"
    }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `zone` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--zone))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Numeric identifier of the resource.
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp of the last Terraform update of the order.
- `schema_version` (Number) Schema Version.

<a id="nestedatt--zone"></a>
### Nested Schema for `zone`

Required:

- `domain` (String) Domain name attributed by Azion to this configuration.
- `is_active` (Boolean) Status of the zone.
- `name` (String) The name of the zone. Must provide only one of zone_id, name.

Read-Only:

- `expiry` (Number) If Refresh and Retry fail repeatedly, this is the time period after which the primary should be considered gone and no longer authoritative for the given zone.
- `id` (Number)
- `nameservers` (List of String)
- `nxttl` (Number) In the event that requesting the domain results in a non-existent query (NXDOMAIN), this is the amount of time that is respected by the recursor to return the NXDOMAIN response.
- `refresh` (Number) The interval at which secondary servers (secondary DNS) are set to refresh the primary zone file from the primary server.
- `retry` (Number) The rate at which a secondary server will retry to refresh the primary zone file if the initial refresh failed.
- `soattl` (Number) The interval at which the SOA record itself is refreshed.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import azion_zone.example <zone_id>
```
